---
section: "Feedback on prioritization and time management"
start: "00:48:03"
end: "00:53:33"
start_seconds: 2883
end_seconds: 3213
---

more right in like the last four minutes, which is why I didn't stop us. Um, and so um, I think bringing some of those things up earlier is helpful. Okay. So, like the key value store for the users and, um, yeah, what are the other meatier things that I didn't get into? Yeah. It's a little bit more around like where is the extensibility and scaling that I felt like we could have spent a little bit more time on. Um, we also talked about security. Um, now Mhm. those are like security isn't necessarily a part of this question per se, so I think it's more fine to ask the question in the beginning of like can we assume that this is built within the existing ecosystem and handles like authentication? Um, just like check to make sure. Um, but in terms of like extensibility, there's things like scheduling these things to run, um, kind of like the the multiple treatments that you had men- you had mentioned. Um, you know, different different access points for different types of users. So, for example, software engineers might have different set of APIs that they would use versus like product managers in terms of like the creation versus like the updating or viewing, um, the content. Um, and then splitting out your databases when you think about things like read and write heavy. Um, cuz some of these things are read heavy, some of these things are write heavy. We started to get to that right in that last little the bucket, so um, I felt good about you understanding that concept. Um but I was curious if I didn't say anything, would you have brought it up or not? So that's that was kind of >> Yeah, that's that's a good definitely a good point. Um I guess I I maybe need to remember if I have any service here. Um like I need to talk about the the storage for that service. Um cuz I kind of had just like implicitly assumed that there's a key value store here, but I guess anytime I draw a rectangle that's a standalone service, it it's got to have some unless it's an in-memory thing, but obviously this isn't in-memory, so Correct. And that's And that's where it's like you um Most people struggle even to come up with a hashing thing, so you caught you caught that so quickly that I think you were just kind of like, oh, it has everything that I need. Um but it is helpful to kind of talk about you know, that e- even if you're not going into detail hey, here is, you know, I'm going to have to have a database here just to store our treatment information. And you know, if we scale it to a certain point, like we could consider a caching component. Um so those are those are things that like uh based on like what you were talking about, I feel like you knew all those things, you just didn't verbalize it. Yeah, right. I I think quickly mentioned read-through caching, but I didn't say much about it at all. Yeah. So I I right. Okay, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. So in the beginning, you asked really good clarification. I purposely make this super vague when I say the question just to kind of see you know, how you can handle ambiguity. I thought you did a really good job of asking a clarifying question. Um something that can be really helpful though is to frame it around asking for like a user journey or how a user would experience the platform that you can just really then ground the conversation. So um that's kind of how I responded to you um to kind of help you see anchoring on like the customer experience can really help to make sure you're on the same page with your interviewer. Um That makes sense. Okay, user journey. >> like a hint there. Yep. Um uh Great question in terms like partitioning by user session. That's something people usually don't bring up until quite later, so great to see you bring that up right away. Okay. >> One hint One hint that I wrote here was to talk about the why behind your question. You asked me really good questions. But sometimes it can be really helpful to talk about the why. So um yeah, as an example >> I That that user versus session thing has a big why behind it for sure, but I didn't mention that. >> Right. Right. And it's like one of those things that's like I can infer it but you don't want to have an interviewer that that doesn't infer it, right? And so I think it's actually great to be really explicit. And it can be the pros and cons, right? So like say you just have no idea even where to go on something sometimes it's really really effective to talk about what something shouldn't be. Gives your chance Get your brain a chance to catch up. It demonstrates that you have knowledge of, you know, good and poor decisions. Um so if you get caught at all, talk about the why behind your questions, and then also talk about what something shouldn't be. All right. What it would be helpful. >> Helpful hint. >> Okay. That makes sense. Right, I could I could have suggested yeah, made my own opinion about why a session wouldn't make sense because you don't have time to see how the user would actually adapt to the new thing and Correct. Right. Mhm. >> And again, anchoring it on that customer experience again cuz then I think it really anchors you on making sure that you're delivering what they want. Yes. Okay. Which you did you did a little bit in this one when you're explaining cuz you
